1. Design a class that holds the following information: name, address, age, and phone number.
Write appropriate accessor and mutator methods. Demonstrate the class by writing a program
that creates two instances (objects) of it and print out the information. One instance should
hold your information, and the other one should hold your friend’s information.

2. Write a Circle class that has the following fields:
- radius: a double
- PI: a double initialized with the value 3.14159
The class should have the following methods:
- setRadius. A mutator method for the radius field.
- getRadius. An accessor method for the radius field.
- getArea. Returns the area of the circle, which is calculated as
area = PI * radius * radius
- getDiameter. Returns the area of the circle, which is calculated as
diameter = radius * 2
- getCircumference. Returns the circumference of the circle, which is calculated as
circumference = 2 * PI * radius
Write a program that demonstrates the Circle class by asking the user for the circle’s radius,
creating a Circle object, and then reporting the circle’s area, diameter, and circumference.

3. Design a Pet class that holds the type and name of the pet, and the sound it makes. So when you
create an instance of a pet, say a dog called Einstein who woofs, it will print out that fact on the
screen. You should also create another pet instance, say a cat called Whoopi Goldberg who
meows, the demo program will print out that fact as well.

4. Write a Student class that has name and gpa fields. Write all the mutator and accessor
methods. Finally, write code so this class has a curveGPA(double curveAmount) method that
curves a student object’s GPA by a given curveAmount. Write a demo program to curve a given
student’s GPA by 0.2.

5. Create a Book class. It should have the following three instance variables: title, author, and
price. Write a Demo class that will ask the user to provide such information about two books
using the keyboard. These two book objects will then be created and displayed on the console.

6. Create a Persons class that contains the following fields and methods:
a. Fields:
Name, Social Security Number, and age
b. Methods:
All the getters and setters.
Write a Demo program to demonstrate how the class works by creating two objects and display
each object’s information. The information about each object needs to be obtained from the
user at the run time using the Demo class.

7. Create a Car class that has the following fields and methods:
a. Fields:
Color, Year, Make, speed
b. Methods:
Accessors, mutators, a method called speedUp() to increase the speed by 10 miles per
hour, and a slowDown() method that reduces the speed by 10 miles per hour.
Write a Demo program to demonstrate how the class works by creating a car object. It will then
display its information such as the make, year, color, and current speed. It will then call the
speedUp() method five times and the slowDown() method four times. It will display its final
speed. The input needs to be obtained from the user at the run time in the Demo class.

8. Write a Rectangle class that has all the necessary fields and methods. Write a Demo program to
demonstrate how the class works by calculating and displaying the TOTAL area of THREE
rectangular rooms in your house. The dimensions of each room need to be obtained from the
user at the run time in the Demo class.

9. Write a Java program that will allow you to create and display information of THREE students at
our college. The student information must include first name, last name, student id, an array of
courses currently taking, and GPA. The input should be provided at run time through a Scanner
object in the Demo class. All the information should be displayed in a nicely formulated table.

10. Create a Circle class that has the following field and methods:
a. Field:
Radius
b. Methods:
Getter, setter, and a method to get the area of the circle for a given radius.
Write a Demo program to demonstrate how the class works by creating two circle objects and
display each object’s information such as the radius and area. The radius of each object needs to
be obtained from the user at the run time in the Demo class.