Create a Java project called “Your_Last_Name CSE148 HW1”. Then create a package for each
problem below within that project. For example, the program you write for the first problem
will be in a package called “p1”, so on and so forth.
before submitting it into the dropbox on Blackboard, please first compress the whole project
into one single zip file. No other formats such as 7zip or rar are permitted.

1. Write a Java program that will ask the user for his/her name. It will then display the
name on the console.

2. Write a Java program that will ask the user for his/her name and then his/her significant
other’s name. It will then display both names with a “&” symbol in between at once.
(hint: use two String variables to hold the names as the names are entered, and then
display the them at the end).

3. Rewrite the previous program, this time, you will print out the first initials of the two
names and a heart symbol in between. (hint: first get name1 and name2 from the user.
You may use Unicode 0x2764 for the heart symbol like this:
System.out.println(name1.substring(0, 1) + “ \u2764 ” + name2.substring(0, 1);
4. Write a Java program that will ask the user for his/her name and GPA and print out the
results on the same line. The program will repeat as such infinitely. You will have to
manually stop the program for it to stop. You should use System.out.println() method to
print.

5. Write a Java program that will ask the user for his/her name, phone, and GPA and print
out the results on the same line. The program will repeat as such infinitely. You will have
to manually stop the program for it to stop. You should use System.out.printf() method
to print.

6. Rewrite problem 4, this time, you want to introduce a mechanism so the program will
ask the user if he/she wants to continue. It will repeat only if the user enters ‘Y’ or “Yes”
or “YES” or anything starting with an uppercase or lowercase Y.

7. Write a Java program that will print out a sample check from a restaurant. It should
display the name, address, phone number of the restaurant, the server’s name, the
itemized dishes ordered with their prices, the subtotal, the tax (8.625% tax rate), and
the total. You do not need to get the information from the user. All you have to do is to
print the check with the information hard coded in your program. 

For example:
System.out.println("---------------------------------------------------");
System.out.println("\t\tOlive Garden");
System.out.println("\tThe Healthy Choice for Your Family");
System.out.println("\t123 Main Street, Selden, NY 11784");
System.out.println("\t\t(631) 123 - 4567");
System.out.println();
System.out.println("Server: Johnny\t\t\tTable 15");
System.out.println();
System.out.printf("%2d%10s%5d%10.2f%10.2f\n", 1, "Red Wine", 2, 6.25, (2*6.25));
System.out.printf("%2d%10s%5d%10.2f%10.2f\n", 2, "Milk", 1, 2.25, (1*2.25));
You will do two more items, tax, subtotal, and total to complete the check.

8. You will modify the last program so it will ask the user for the item, the quantity of each
item, repeat until the user indicates the end of the order. It will then display the whole
check in the end. You will be using a bunch of variables to hold information as the user
orders. These variables will be used to print out the check all at once in the end.

9. Write a Chinese zodiac program. You may either use if-else-if or preferably switch case
to do it. Here is the data: for remainders from 0 to 11, the animals are Monkey, Rooster,
Dog, Pig, Rate, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, and Sheep, respectively. The
program will display the appropriate animal type when a year is entered.

10. Just for fun. Write a number-guessing game. The user will be asked to pick a number
silently between 1 and 100. The program will display a number and ask if it is the
number the user picked. If not, the program will ask if the displayed number is too small
or too big. The user will have to tell the truth. Your program will then display another
number, so on and so forth, until the displayed number matches the silently picked
number. The program will then display the score which is the total number of guesses.
The game will ask the user if he/she wants to play again. It will either repeat or stop the
game based on the user input. Note: this program requires a little bit of thinking. So it is
great if you can do it.