Deep Copy, Shallow Copy, and Static Variables and Methods

All the following classes should have getters, setters, toString(), deepCopy, and shallowCopy methods

1. Write an Address class that contains the following fields: streetNumber, streetName, city,
state, and zip. All these fields are of the type of String. Write three constructors: a no-arg
constructor, a constructor that will take all of the 5 strings as parameters, and a deep copy
constructor that would take an existing address object to create an identical one. Write a demo
class called Demo1 to demonstrate the class.

2. Write a Student class that contains the following four fields: a name as String, an id as int, a gpa
as double, an address as Address. Write three constructors as well: a no-arg constructor, a
constructor that will take a name, an id, a gpa, and an address as parameters, and a deep copy
constructor that would take an existing student object to create an identical one. In addition,
write a static method called curve(double amount). This method would curve a Student’s gpa by
the amount specified. Write a demo class called Demo2 to demonstrate the class and the static
method.

3. Write a Faculty class that contains the following four fields: a name as String, an id as int, salary
as double, an address as Address. Write three constructors as well: a no-arg constructor, a
constructor that will take a name, an id, a salary, and an address as parameters, and a deep copy
constructor that would take an existing student object to create an identical one. In addition,
write a static method called raise(double amount). This method would raise a Faculty’s salary by
the amount specified. Write a demo class called Demo3 to demonstrate the class and the static
method.

4. Write a Textbook class that contains the following fields: title as String, author as String, ISBN as
a String, and price as a double. Write three constructors similar to the ones stated in the
previous two problems. Write a demo class called Demo4 to demonstrate the class.

5. Write a Course class that contains a course title as String, a CRN number as String, a textbook as
Textbook, a student as Student, and an instructor as Faculty. Write three constructors similar
to the ones stated in the previous problems. Write a demo class called Demo5 to demonstrate
the class and the use of the two static methods.